docs(aws): clarify generated External ID behavior for key and role credentials (#1156)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_docs/compute-envs/aws-batch.md

```json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "AWS": "<YOUR_SEQERA_ROLE_ARN>"
      },
      "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
      "Condition": {
        "StringEquals": {
          "sts:ExternalId": "<ExternalId>"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "AWS": "<YOUR_SEQERA_ROLE_ARN>"
      },
      "Action": "sts:TagSession"
    }
  ]
}
```

:::info
To use role-based access with no External ID, set `TOWER_ALLOW_INSTANCE_CREDENTIALS=true` in your deployment [configuration](../enterprise/configuration/overview#compute-environments).
Then create AWS credentials using an IAM role ARN only (no access key, secret key, or External ID), and remove the entire `Condition` block for `sts:ExternalId` from your trust policy.
:::

## AWS credential options

AWS credentials can be configured in two ways:

- **Key-based credentials**: Access key and secret key with direct IAM permissions, with an optional IAM role in **Assume role**. `External ID` is optional.

> - **Role-based credentials (recommended)**: Seqera assumes an IAM role ARN. `External ID` is mandatory and generated by Seqera.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Role-based credentials (recommended)**: Assume IAM role ARN. `External ID` is mandatory and generated by Seqera.
```
